#545454#iMetal

# Window geometry
padding.width: 3
border.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 4

#Menu geometry
menu.border.width: 0
menu.overlap: -5

# Border colors
window.active.border.color: #BCBCBC
window.inactive.border.color: #BCBCBC
menu.border.color: #BCBCBC
window.active.client.color: #BCBCBC
window.inactive.client.color: #BCBCBC

# Text shadows
window.active.label.text.font: shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font: shadow=n
menu.items.font: shadow=n
menu.title.text.font: shadow=n

# Window title justification
window.label.text.justify: center

# Active window
window.active.title.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.title.bg.color: #eeeeee
window.active.title.bg.colorTo: #bcbcbc
window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #101010

window.active.handle.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.handle.bg.color: #bcbcbc
window.active.handle.bg.colorTo: #eeeeee

window.active.grip.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.grip.bg.color: #bcbcbc
window.active.grip.bg.colorTo: #eeeeee

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #444444

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #aaaaaa

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #aaaaaa

window.active.button.toggled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #aaaaaa

window.active.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ffffff

# Inactive windows
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #eeeeee
window.inactive.title.bg.colorTo: #bcbcbc

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #BCBCBC

window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #BCBCBC
window.inactive.handle.bg.colorTo: #eeeeee

window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #BCBCBC
window.inactive.grip.bg.colorTo: #eeeeee

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #666666

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #666666

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #666666

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #666666

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #333333

# Menus
menu.title.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
menu.title.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #2589D2
menu.title.text.color: #000000
menu.title.text.justify: Center

menu.separator.color: #6F6F6F
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 6
menu.separator.padding.height: 3

menu.items.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
menu.items.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.items.bg.colorTo: #2589D2
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

menu.items.active.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
menu.items.active.bg.color: #57ACFF#57ACFF
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #003364
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

#osd
osd.border.width: 0
osd.border.color:  #ff8800

osd.bg: Flat
osd.bg.color: #bcbcbc
osd.bg.border.color: #00ff00
osd.label.bg: Parentrelative
osd.label.text.color: #161616
